PEBL Fonts

Fonts in this directory are novel PEBL fonts or are redistributed with
PEBL in accordance with their original licenses. They are taken from
several primary sources (Bitstream, SIL, the freefont project, a
number of free fonts created by George Williams with fontforge, and
our own custom font).  Fonts are distributed here for convenience, and
presence here should not be taken as being an integral part of the
PEBL system.  Any font may be removed from future releases.  In our
understanding, each font is freely redistributable (with some
restrictions), and their use does not place restrictions upon how a
PEBL user may license their experiment scripts.

Each set of re-distributed fonts has a different license, which are
described below.

BITSTREAM FONTS

Information about and original packaging of the Bitstream Vera fonts
is avaliable at: http://www.gnome.org/fonts/.  Distribution license
and copyright notice are reproduced in vera-copyright.txt.


SIL FONTS
Information about the SIL fonts (Charis, Doulos, and Gentium) is
available at

http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL These
fonts are distributed under the SIL open font license, reproduced in
OFL.txt Gentium fonts are designed to "allow diverse ethnic groups
around the world who use teh Latin script to produce readable,
high-quality publications". Doulos SIL provides glyphs for a wide
range of Latin and Cyrillic characters.  Charis is similar (and
apparantly based upon) Bitstream Charter

FONTFORGE FONTS
George Williams' fontforge fonts are distributed under a BSD-like license.l


FREEFONT FONTS From <http://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/freefont/>,
which offers free UCS scalable fonts.  Freefont fonts are distributed
under the GPL version 2.  License is located in the file
freefont-COPYING.txt.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

List of fonts distributed with PEBL and their descriptions:


SIL Fonts:
 CharisSILBI.ttf        Charis Bold Italic
 CharisSILB.ttf         Charis Bold
 CharisSILI.ttf         Charis Italic
 CharisSILR.ttf         Charis Regular
 DoulosSILR.ttf         Doulos Regular
 GenI102.ttf            Gentium Italic  
 GenR102.ttf            Gentium Regular

Bitstream Vera:

 VeraBd.ttf             Vera Bold
 VeraBI.ttf             Vera Bold Italic
 VeraIt.ttf             Vera Italic
 VeraMoBd.ttf           Vera Monospace Bold
 VeraMoBI.ttf           Vera Monospace Bold Italic           
 VeraMoIt.ttf           Vera Italic
 VeraMono.ttf           Vera Monospace
 VeraSeBd.ttf           Vera Serif Bold
 VeraSe.ttf             Vera Serif
 Vera.ttf               Vera Regular

Made by George Williams (distributed at fontforge.sf.net):

  Caliban.ttf           A "Helevetian" version
  CaslonRoman.ttf       A quirky Roman font
  Caslon-Black.ttf      A dark Caslon, useful for small sizes
  CaslonBold.ttf        Bold Caslon
  CaslonItalic.ttf      Italic Caslon
  Humanistic.ttf        Nice interesting sharp font.
 
FreeFont typefaces 
  FreeMono.ttf               Nice courier-like font
  FreeMonoBold.ttf           Bold courier
  FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf    Bold italic courier
  FreeMonoOblique.ttf        Italic courier
  FreeSans.ttf               Simple clean font sans serif 
  FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf    Bold italic
  FreeSansOblique.ttf        Italic
  FreeSansBold.ttf           Bold
  FreeSerif.ttf              Resembles Times New Roman
  FreeSerifBold.ttf          Bold
  FreeSerifBoldItalic.ttf    Bold italic
  FreeSerifItalic.ttf        Italic
  

PEBL Custom Font
 Stimulasia.ttf         Small set of characters mapped onto letters of 
			alphabet. Currently 0-9 and A-O are used. 0-9
			are each spaces, with 0 being about 1/5
			character width, 1 being 10/500, 2 is 20/500, etc.
 
